HELLO GUYS from MAESTRO VITO IACOPELLI today
It will be a very interesting video, let me start to say
World Health Organization, I am a professional pizza
Since I am 8 years old, today
I want to make a very interesting video
The recipe for you today is easy
How to make PIZZA do much more for the house
For conventional home oven
Use dry yeast
I will make this video as easy as possible
This way you understand that you will make the best product in your house
Let's see what amazing recipes we need to do
Instant messaging will explain to you what we need and why
Hope you can enjoy this video and please
Please like and subscribe
New videos every week
Enjoy this amazing video
For this recipe we will use very simple ingredients
1 liter of water
50 olive oil
25 salt
1.500 KG flour
All purpose flour or 00
10 honey
And for what we need
Dry yeast
5 grams dry yeast
Under description
You will find the complete recipe of this dough
Let's see how to use this yeast
Mix for about 15 minutes
Let it rest for 1 hour
This is 1 hour later
Now we have to add
The remaining ingredients
Cover with plastic wrap
1 hour rest
Take off the plastic
Now we need to make dough balls
Gentle, we have to do two lines
Make sure you use the top of the dough
Make the ball 250g
Now we report it again
Now let it rest for 6-8 hours
This is the dough
Make sure to rest at room temperature
Ok this is 8 hours later
If it's small
We have to be gentle
It's easy to make now
Make sure to put flour
Love this amazing dough we did
Now simple and fast
We are going to make pizza
I keep the oven at low temperature
Let's come together
Pizza as you can see
Beautiful empty shell
This is the video
How to make pizza dough for the house
Use dry yeast
Hope you like this video, please share with others
Look at my channel
Please don't forget to subscribe
Thank you for supporting my channel
See you next video soon